 Chapter 321: Killing Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang, Extremely Unreasonable, Returning Home 
 Chu Kuangren walked out of the pavilion. Outside, Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang and a crowd of elders, as well as Sages looked at him in amazement.
 They were extremely shocked by the fact that Chu Kuangren had managed to gain insights into the Heart Piercing Finger Technique. Though the Sages felt even more distressed.
 After all, that was an Emperor Technique!
 It was just handed over to someone on a silver platter!
 “Um, Sect Leader Chu, how did you manage to understand and learn that Emperor Technique?” A Sage could not help but ask.
 He was just too curious.
 ‘No one from the Sky Emperor Palace has been able to comprehend the profound contents of that scroll, so how did Chu Kuangren achieve that?’
 “If I want to gain insights on something, it’ll surely happen.”
 Chu Kuangren replied, and his gaze immediately shot towards Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang.
 Without another word, a clang was heard as the sword at his waist unsheathed itself. It released an incomparably frightening sword ray that was imbued with an Emperor Aura!
 The strength of that sword attack was unmatched!
 It was an Emperor Technique, the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique!
 “What!”
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang’s expression suddenly turned horrified. Never in a million years did he expect Chu Kuangren to do as he said!
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang exerted his full strength as he raised his arms to block that attack!
 However, the terrifying sword ray was coming at him at lightning speed, and with the help of the Descendant Self Sword, even Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was instantly and critically injured.
 The sudden turn of events shocked the other two Sages, and they glared at Chu Kuangren.
 “Chu Kuangren, what is the meaning of this!”
 “D*mn it!”
 Ignoring them, Chu Kuangren deployed his Sage Rule Technique, the Phantom Light Strike before arriving in front of Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang.
 With a lift of his hand, a vast Buddhist Light emanated to form a great golden palm which crashed the Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang down into the ground!
 The terrifying amount of energy shook the entire Sky Emperor Palace, and the ground had been smashed into a huge crater.
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was lying at the center of the crater, spewing blood non-stop.
 “You— What the hell are you doing?”
 As frightening surges of sword Dao aura emanated from Chu Kuangren, he asked indifferently, “I suppose you’re very familiar with the strangeness in that scroll, right? Did you think I couldn’t see through that little scheme of yours?”
 “I’ve already placed a warning on the scroll which clearly states that it’s a forbidden technique.”
 “Heh, you mean the two plain strips of paper?”
 Chu Kuangren grinned. “Do you think that you can get away with that little scheme you have against me with two mere strips of plain paper?”
 “Besides colluding with the First City to target my Black Heaven Sect, now you’ve gone and played these tricks on me again. Cultivating to the level of a Sage is no small feat, yet time and time again, you’ve been looking for death. I’m afraid the heavens won’t be able to save you now.”
 At that, Chu Kuangren unleashed another slash with his Descendant Self Sword, which instantly enveloped Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang with a terrifying and violent surge of sword qi!
 His Sage body was immediately torn apart by the sword qi!
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was dead!
 “How dare you! Chu Kuangren!”
 “D*mn it!”
 The expression on the other two Sky Emperor Palace Sages’ faces shifted as they roared angrily, unleashing a punch and palm attack respectively.
 The violent energy in the attack was on the level of a Seven-Step Sage!
 However, blood-colored flames began to emerge on Chu Kuangren’s body, activating the technique that was deemed forbidden by countless cultivators, the Nine Deaths Blazing Blood Art!
 He then unleashed another slash in retaliation, where a vast sword ray erupted and shattered both the punch and palm attacks. The two Sages were blasted tens of meters back!
 Both of them looked at Chu Kuangren with horror.
 Despite coming together as Seven-Step Sages, they were both forced back by Chu Kuangren’s single sword attack!
 What horrifying combat strength was that?
 “Chu Kuangren, why did you kill Sage Zhang?”
 One of the Sages questioned angrily.
 “I’ll be the one asking the questions first. So, if someone other than me were to attempt gaining insights from that scroll, what will happen to them?” Chu Kuangren asked emotionlessly.
 Both of their expressions turned grim.
 They were well aware of the strangeness contained in that scroll.
 At best, one would end up mad, or at worst, they would die of mental exhaustion.
 Chu Kuangren chuckled upon seeing both the Sages’ expressions. “It seems that you two know about it as well. For plotting against me like that and the incident during the championship, don’t you think he deserves to be killed after messing with me so many times?”
 He was fully capable of killing Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang at the battle in the First City back then.
 No.
 If he were to go all out, he could surely kill all the Sages who took part and joined forces to go against him.
 The only catch was that, besides the few Sages who were at the scene that day, there were also Sages from other orthodoxies present who did not take part in the battle too. Moreover, there were Lan Yu, Nangong Huang, and the others who were at the First City as well. That was why he held back during that fight.
 However, now that Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang had messed with him again, his name would not be Chu Kuangren if he did not get rid of that person.
 “But it was clearly stated on the scroll that it’s a forbidden technique. Are you going to blame us even if you’re the one who wanted to read it in the first place?”
 One of the Sages uttered angrily.
 “Then I suppose you two should be grateful for those two little pieces of paper. If it were not for that, both of you won’t be alive right now.”
 Chu Kuangren sneered. Since there were no restrictions nor barrier seals placed on the two pieces of paper, they were clearly fakes used to trick him.
 The two Sages were stunned.
 ‘How does such an unreasonable person like him exist in this world?’
 ‘Why is there such an unbridled person?’
 “Chu Kuangren, god forbid that with your continuous killing, you shall suffer and regret when the retribution of karma rains down upon you one day.”
 The other Sage was so enraged that he was trembling all over.
 Chu Kuangren chuckled and said, “Karmic retribution? Alright, since we’re talking about cause and effect here, then let me fill you in on something. Because Sage Zhang has a deep obsession with living his life on the edge, the act of him plotting and scheming against me can be considered a ’cause’, and the act of me killing him is considered the ‘effect’. So there you have it. What other karmic retributions am I to suffer from now?”
 “So what if karmic retribution were to fall upon me?”
 “If the heavens get in my way, then I shall turn against the heavens!”
 After that, Chu Kuangren turned and left.
 The two Sages could not do anything other than watch his receding figure.
 Should they kill him?
 They were no match for him though.
 Should they reason with him then?
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was at fault.
 “Sage Zhang, oh, Sage Zhang. If you knew something like this was going to happen, why did you do it? The person you’ve pissed off can’t even be reasoned with common sense at all!”
 Ordinary methods were completely useless with Chu Kuangren!
 The Sky Emperor Palace Lord looked at Chu Kuangren, helpless.
 What happened to visiting them to go through their cultivation techniques?
 Why was another Sage killed?
 If he knew this was going to happen, he would have brought all their cultivation techniques over to where Chu Kuangren was, rather than having Chu Kuangren step foot in his Sky Emperor Palace!
 Sure enough, wherever Chu Kuangren went, he would always turn the place upside down!
 ...
 Chu Kuangren returned to the Illusive Mirage.
 Lan Yu and the others had been waiting for him for a long time by then.
 “Sect Leader, we’ve received word from Elder Ruyan just now. She wants you back as soon as possible to discuss the unnamed island.”
 Nangong Huang said.
 Chu Kuangren was slightly surprised. “What island?”
 Having been focused on comprehending the Heart Piercing Finger Technique, he was completely unaware that the appearance of an unnamed island had caused a great stir throughout the whole Firmament Star.
 Nangong Huang then briefly explained everything to him.
 “Oh, something like that happened at the Outer Seas, huh?”
 Chu Kuangren was a little interested, so he set a course on the Illusive Mirage back to the Black Heaven Sect. The moment he returned, Elder Ruyan and the others immediately approached him.
 “Sect Leader, news of your riot in the First City has already spread through the whole Firmament Star, why is there always trouble wherever you go?”
 Elder Ruyan asked frustratingly.
 “Is that my fault? They’re the ones who saught trouble with us first.”
 Chu Kuangren replied innocently.
 The only principle he lived by as a person was that if people did not mess with him, then he would not mess with them too. If the First City had not sought trouble from him, then he would do the same to them as well.
 “Haha, our Sect Leader is right. Elder Ruyan, if someone were to be blamed for this matter, it’s the Sky Emperor Palace and First City.”
 An elder laughed.
 Elder Ruyan shook her head. “I’m not blaming the Sect Leader for this either. Alright, let’s talk about the unnamed island first.”
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


 Chapter 322: Onwards To The Unnamed Island, Hold Up, There’s Still People Who Don’t Know About Me 
 “Now that the unnamed island has been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, anyone who’s not a Sage is not allowed to enter.”
 “Both the Third and Second Forefather has set off to survey the area, but there’s been no news from them as of now...”
 Elder Ruyan had briefly explained the details of the unnamed island, and when Chu Kuangren heard that, he could not help but feel a little curious.
 “The unnamed island is suspected to be a place where an Emperor once lived, and there’s also the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, huh? Interesting, we should go and explore that island right now.”
 “Since it’s been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, everyone should stay back in the sect for now. I’ll go take a look at the situation there first.”
 Chu Kuangren had decided.
 The Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands was a collective term for all the orthodoxies in the Outer Seas.
 Among the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, a few of them were as strong as the sage orthodoxies in the Four Domains. Joined together, they were a force to be reckoned with.
 Since the Outer Seas was the main territory of the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, which were the ones who had sealed off the unnamed island, it was hard for the orthodoxies in the Four Domains to intervene.
 The only way was to let the Sages of their respective orthodoxies explore it. No matter how arrogant the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands were, they could not stop all of the Sages outside the unnamed island.
 That decision would be no different from declaring war on every sage orthodoxy in the Four Domains.
 “Oh, by the way, Elder Ruyan, here’s some IOUs that I got. If the owner of these IOUs doesn’t provide us with the stated amount of soulstones within a month, send them a message to remind them. If they still don’t by then, we’ll discuss how to deal with them after I return.”
 At the same time, Chu Kuangren took out a stack of IOUs and handed them over to Elder Ruyan.
 Elder Ruyan looked at the pile of IOUs in her hand.
 “IOUs? There are so many of them.” Upon seeing the amount stated on them, her eyes widened with shock.
 “The Daoist School of Dedication owes us two hundred million top-tier soulstones, while the Eight Wind Palace needs to pay us fifty million top-tier soulstones, then there’s another four hundred and fifty million from the Thunder Falcon Tribe...”
 “B-by the heavens!”
 “Sect Leader, what have you done to get all of these IOUs?”
 Elder Ruyan raised her head and looked at Chu Kuangren with disbelief. The other elders around them were also stunned when they saw the IOUs as well.
 “These are all bets that I’ve won. You can ask Nangong Huang and the others for details. Alright, I’ll be on my way now.”
 With that, Chu Kuangren left the Black Heaven Sect. This time, he was going out on his own, not even the inseparable Lan Yu was going with him.
 Since the situation at the unnamed island was uncertain and most of the people headed there were Sages, that matter was not something an ordinary cultivator could take part in.
 If something were to happen to the people that he brought with him, Chu Kuangren was worried that he might not be able to look over everything at once.
 Outer Seas, unnamed island.
 Having been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, the area within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers that surrounded the unnamed island was full of Fairy Boats. They were all set up to form countless checkpoints.
 Every cultivator who passed through that area would be stopped to have their identities verified.
 As for the cultivators who intended to break in, they would be killed on sight by the merciless cultivators from the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands.
 Chu Kuangren was not afraid of being discovered by the Outer Seas cultivators because of his cultivation level. He turned into a stream of light and darted towards the unnamed island.
 His journey to the island was almost uninterrupted.
 No one was able to catch up to him anyway.
 The closer he got to the island, the more Chu Kuangren could sense a very dominating Daoist Rhyme. It was an extremely dense Emperor’s Aura!
 Soon after.
 A huge island appeared in his sights.
 Although the island was covered by surrounding clouds and fog, he could vaguely make out from some of the scenery that it was like a fairy realm.
 Besides that, the island was also the source of the Emperor Aura.
 “So this is the unnamed island.”
 Chu Kuangren’s eyes lit up.
 However, just as he was about to approach, an invisible barrier suddenly appeared in front of him, blocking his path towards the island.
 “An enchanted boundary?”
 Amid Chu Kuangren’s surprise, numerous figures who possessed abnormal auras suddenly appeared before him.
 Even the weakest among them was a True Honorable.
 “This area is sealed off by our Thirty-Six Oceanic Alliance. Cultivators below the level of a Sage are forbidden to enter. Please leave now!” An elderly man who was their leader uttered.
 He glanced at Chu Kuangren and frowned.
 Although Chu Kuangren had quite an extraordinary appearance, he was just too young. Due to that, the elderly man suspected that he was not even an Honorable, let alone a Sage.
 ‘How did someone like him manage to get here?’
 ‘Are all the patrols outside blind?’
 “Oh, the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands.”
 Chu Kuangren activated his Eye of Revelation as he swept his gaze across everyone.
 “Liao Yun, Wind Spirit Island Chieftain, cultivation level, Honorable Supreme...”
 “Chu Shan, Thousand Boulder Island cultivator, cultivation level, True Honorable...”
 They were the higher-ups of the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, and there was a Chieftain among them as well — a sign that this was a powerful group of people.
 This was especially Liao Yun, the elderly man leading the group, who was the Wind Spirit Island Chieftain. His position was more or less equal to that of a Sect Leader in a sage orthodoxy.
 “I’m Chu Kuangren, the Black Heaven Sect Leader. Please give way, everyone.”
 Chu Kuangren said indifferently.
 Few of the people in that group looked at each other upon hearing his name. However, Liao Yun simply frowned as he said, “I don’t care who you are. If you’re not a Sage, leave here at once!”
 Chu Kuangren was stunned for a while.
 ‘No way, there are still people who don’t know who I am?’
 “Have you guys from the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands been living under a rock or something? How can you possibly not know my name?” Chu Kuangren asked in shock.
 “Are you famous?”
 One of the cultivators asked.
 Chu Kuangren was speechless. He had heard that Outer Seas cultivators rarely communicate with the ones from the Four Domains. It took some of them more than ten years to receive news about the happenings on land.
 He did not expect that to be true.
 Since he had started to make a name for himself in the past few years, everyone in the Four Domains knew who he was. However, not many from the Outer Seas knew about him.
 “Should I barge in head-on anyways?”
 A chilling gaze lit up from Chu Kuangren’s eyes as his hand instinctively reached the pommel of his Descendant Self Sword.
 In that instant, Liao Yun and the others suddenly felt their scalp going numb. A terrifying chill ran down their spine, seeping through their very bones.
 A dangerous enemy!
 Liao Yun’s and the others’ expressions turned incredibly stern. Just when Chu Kuangren was going to force his way in, a sudden stream of light approached from afar.
 It was an elderly man in long purple robes who looked serious.
 Upon seeing that person, Liao Yun’s and the others’ expressions shifted again.
 “Greetings, Lifeblood Sage.”
 Liao Yun and the others bowed before him.
 Compared to Chu Kuangren, Lifeblood Sage had made a name for himself several thousands of years ago. His reputation was so great that everyone during that time knew who he was.
 “Mhm.”
 Lifeblood Sage nodded.
 He then took a look at Chu Kuangren. When he had gotten a clearer look at the latter, his expression slightly changed and he went up to greet Chu Kuangren.
 “Greetings, Brother Chu.”
 “Greetings, you are...”
 “I’m the Sage of the Zhiyang Valley, Lifeblood Sage.”
 Lifeblood Sage smiled.
 “Oh, a fellow Daoist Brother from the Zhiyang Valley. Greetings to you as well.”
 “I didn’t expect Brother Chu to head out here to explore the unnamed island immediately after you returned from the First City. Why don’t we head in together?”
 Lifeblood Sage replied.
 He knew about Chu Kuangren’s shocking combat strength, so it would be greatly beneficial for him to explore the island together with Chu Kuangren.
 One could say that he was riding on Chu Kuangren’s coattails.
 “Oh, I really want to, but these Outer Seas cultivators told me that only a Sage can enter. They aren’t allowing me to go in.”
 “What? How dare they do something like this!”
 Lifeblood Sage’s expression turned slightly grim as he looked towards Liao Yun and the others. He told them, “Although Brother Chu’s cultivation is not on the level of a Sage, his combat strength has far exceeded one. He’s definitely strong enough to qualify! Now get out of his way!”
 What were they thinking?
 Did they not want their lives for daring to stop Chu Kuangren like that?
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


 Chapter 323: Bountiful Treasures On The Unnamed Island, Looks Like I Can’t Stand Aside And Do Nothing Any Longer 
 Liao Yun and the others were dumbfounded.
 Since a Sage respected him so much, then what was this young man capable of? Even someone on the level of a Sage would not be treated like that, so just what kind of person had they stopped?
 “We apologize for the trouble caused earlier, Sect Leader Chu. I hope you won’t take this personally to heart.”
 Liao Yun and the others were not stupid. They knew that someone was by no means an ordinary person for Lifeblood Sage to treat him as such.
 That person’s identity might be even more horrifying than a normal Sage!
 At times like these, it would be best to concede and go along with their demands.
 “So I can enter now, right?”
 “Please, go ahead.” Not daring to stop him any longer, Liao Yun hurriedly opened the enchanted boundary and allowed both Chu Kuangren and Lifeblood Sage to enter.
 Within the unnamed island.
 Chu Kuangren and Lifeblood Sage had arrived.
 The moment they stepped foot on the island, an extremely dense surge of Emperor Aura immediately enveloped and suppressed their strengths.
 “What a dense Emperor Aura! It seems that this really is the place where an Emperor once lived,” Lifeblood Sage said in surprise.
 “Yeah.”
 Chu Kuangren nodded.
 He felt a slight relief that he had not brought anyone with him. With such a dense Emperor Aura in the area, anyone below the cultivation level of a Sage would be pressed to the ground immobilized, let alone explore the unnamed island with him.
 The moment he entered the unnamed island, Chu Kuangren immediately activated his Treasure Locating Skill.
 That divine power was most suited to locate the Opportunity of Fortunes.
 Chu Kuangren was instantly speechless the moment the search began.
 There were indeed a lot of treasures, with the most common being Supreme Elixirs that grew in the wild. Even the ones with the lowest quality were at the Honorable grade. Besides that, there were a lot of Sage-grade herbs which were usually very rare in the outside world as well.
 Buzz!
 At that time, a strange fluctuation suddenly came from nearby. It was the fluctuation of a Supreme Elixir that was imbued with an extremely dense Daoist Rhyme and wood qi aura.
 The Lifeblood Sage was delighted upon sensing this fluctuation.
 “This is great! I can’t believe we’ve stumbled upon such a great Supreme Elixir the moment we arrive. Brother Chu, let’s go and check it out,” Lifeblood Sage said excitedly.
 Chu Kuangren pondered for a bit before he replied, “Lifeblood Sage, this is an aura of a Supreme Elixir which has just upped a grade. I’m sure many other Sages must’ve sensed this as well, and a fight will bound to happen. I don’t wish to waste my time here, so I’ve decided to go explore somewhere else instead.”
 The Lifeblood Sage was taken aback.
 ‘What?’
 ‘Is Chu Kuangren afraid of a fight?’
 He thought about it and soon figured that Chu Kuangren might have some other plans of his own, so he nodded. “Then I shall go and check it out.”
 He could not resist the temptation of that Supreme Elixir.
 Judging from its aura, it could even be a Sage-grade herb!
 “Do be careful, Lifeblood Sage.”
 “Alright, same goes to you as well, Brother Chu. Take care.”
 The Lifeblood Sage immediately darted toward the Supreme Elixir.
 As for Chu Kuangren, he dashed towards another direction instead.
 There was a Sage-grade herb over there as well!
 Moreover, this Sage-grade herb was a lot more valuable compared to that Sage-grade herb which was emanating a strong aura just now.
 The Sage-grade herb that Lifeblood Sage sensed was a herb that had just upgraded to a higher level, hence the strong wave of aura which emanated everywhere. On the other hand, the Sage-grade herb that Chu Kuangren had located through his Treasure Locating Skill was a herb that had been a Sage-grade herb for a very long time.
 Not only that, but the recently upgraded Sage-grade herb would undoubtedly attract the attention of many Sages, so a battle would be inevitable.
 Meanwhile, the Sage-grade herb that Chu Kuangren had found through his Treasure Locating Skill was likely undiscovered yet; obtaining it would be effortless.
 He did not tell the Lifeblood Sage about any of that.
 After all, Chu Kuangren had the Treasure Locating Skill, so he could easily and quickly locate various kinds of treasures. If the Lifeblood Sage were to follow him by then, Chu Kuangren would no doubt need to split them with him.
 If it were him alone, Chu Kuangren could keep all the treasures he found!
 The human heart was always selfish.
 Besides, Chu Kuangren was not someone who would generously give out everything without a price.
 He soon arrived at a mountain valley that had a Sage-grade herb growing out from one of its walls. It was golden all over with mysterious Daoist Rhymes swirling around each of its leaves.
 Chu Kuangren came to the mountain wall, quickly picked it, and stored it inside his Yin and Yang ring.
 “One Sage-grade herb in the bag. Easy peasy.” Chu Kuangren grinned. Feeling extremely pleased, he proceeded to search for more items using his Treasure Locating Skill.
 Information surrounding the various treasures located around the entire island flooded Chu Kuangren’s mind continuously.
 The center of the island, especially, hid treasures that responded strongly to the Treasure Hunting Skill.
 “Unknown Emperor-Grade item, located eight kilometers south.”
 “Unknown Emperor-Grade item, located eight kilometers south...”
 Unknown Emperor-Grade item — it was a first for Chu Kuangren to receive such feedback. However, he had also managed to figure out something from that.
 There must be some sort of treasure concealing mechanism set up at the center of the island, which explained why the Treasure Locating Skill could not sense what type of item it was.
 Then again, items related to an Emperor would no doubt be very extraordinary.
 Chu Kuangren pondered for a while. He was not in a hurry to head there immediately since the treasure concealing mechanism would not be discovered by the other Sages that easily for now. He carefully planned his route, seeking out treasures on the island as he made his way to the center of the island.
 ...
 Many Sages had gathered at the unnamed island.
 While the Sages were each looking for various Opportunity of Fortunes on that island, they were greatly shocked by how many they had discovered, which were tons.
 The fact that an Emperor once lived here must be true. The surrounding area had been under the influence of the Emperor Aura for so long that many treasures appeared.
 If one person’s Emperor Aura could fill a large plot of land with treasures, then the Emperor’s power was unimaginable.
 However, so many treasures would no doubt cause many gruesome battles.
 Besides, those battles were between fellow Sages as well!
 A magnitude of a fight like that was not only rare in ancient but in current times as well.
 While he was on the way to pick up treasures and other valuable items, Chu Kuangren would come across Sages fighting from time to time. The scale and impact of such battles were earth-shattering.
 In the outside world, Sages were held as higher beings whose existence was above the millions in this world. Seeing one was considered extremely difficult and rare, let alone seeing them fight. However, over here, Sages fighting were as common as dirt.
 Sages would fight to their deaths over a piece of treasure that could be found everywhere.
 Boom!
 When Chu Kuangren had just arrived at the mountain cliff, he suddenly heard a large commotion coming from nearby which shook the surrounding mountains.
 Needless to say, it was no doubt a battle between Sages again.
 Chu Kuangren was not interested in those battles. In fact, he was busy collecting all kinds of treasures around the island.
 Though one’s plans would not always work out.
 Just as Chu Kuangren was about to pick up another treasure and leave, a surge of palm strength suddenly brushed past him and hit the face of the mountain.
 With a loud boom, the mountain face was instantly destroyed!
 Although Chu Kuangren was fine, that palm strength had turned the Boundary Sage-Grade herb that he was intending to collect to nothing.
 He still had piles of similar Boundary Sage-grade herbs inside his Yin and Yang ring, and he did not care that much about the Boundary Sage-grade herb either.
 However, he had his eyes on that herb after all. Since the herb was now destroyed, Chu Kuangren could not let this slide that easily.
 He spread his spiritual thoughts out in all directions. “Now, let’s see who’s the b*st*rd who smashed my Supreme Elixir to nothing.”
 In a short while, his spiritual thoughts arrived at the location where two Sages were battling.
 Although his spiritual thoughts were destroyed by the battle’s shockwaves as soon as it got closer, he still managed to take a clear look at both parties involved.
 One of them looked quite familiar to him.
 “That’s the School of White Lotus’s Sage. It looks like I can’t stand aside and do nothing any longer.”
 Chu Kuangren murmured as his figure turned into a stream of light and dashed towards that battle.
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


 Chapter 324: The Ravenblade Sage And Immemorial Sage’s Bad Blood, Tortured To Death 
 The School of White Lotus and Black Heaven Sect had an alliance. When Chu Kuangren was still a greenhorn cultivator, the White Lotus School had assigned an Honorable Supreme for Chu Kuangren’s protection. Then when they were at the First City, the School of White Lotus’s Sage had also stated their allegiance and was willing to fight by Chu Kuangren’s side to defeat the joined forces of several other Sages.
 Now that the School of White Lotus’s Sage was in trouble, Chu Kuangren naturally would not just stand idly by and watch. His figure instantly turned into a stream of light and darted towards her.
 At this time.
 Two Sages, a man and a woman were in the midst of their battle in the air above a mountain valley. The female person was naturally the School of White Lotus’s Sage.
 On the other hand, her opponent was a man in black armor, armed with a long spear. His aura was so imposing that every thrust turned into a terrifying black hurricane, which forced the School of White Lotus’s Sage to retreat backward.
 “Just surrender obediently, Immemorial Sage.”
 Immemorial Sage was the true name of the School of White Lotus’s Sage, and it seemed like the man in black armor was quite familiar with her.
 “You think I’m just going to give up that easily, Ravenblade Sage? In your dreams!”
 The Immemorial Sage shot Ravenblade Sage a cold gaze that was filled with a bitter hatred.
 The Ravenblade Sage grinned upon seeing the hatred in his opponent’s eyes. “I see you’re still not over what happened to Qian Yin.”
 “Shut up, you have no right to speak of that name!”
 The Immemorial Sage replied coldly, waved her palm, and unleashed another palm attack. A ray of white light burst forth like a violent river, but it was easily shattered by the Ravenblade Sage.
 “What do you mean I have no right? No matter how you put it, she was my wife too.” The Ravenblade Sage chuckled. He looked like he wanted to provoke the Immemorial Sage even more.
 “You b*st*rd! When Qian Yin was married to you, you gave me your word that you’ll protect her no matter what. But because of your desire to become a Sage, you sacrificed her to your so-called Serpent Deity! You deserve nothing less than a gruesome death for your sins!”
 The School of White Lotus’s Sage was fuming with rage. As she waved her palms, countless streaks of white light shot out from the center. That was the White Lotus School’s Light of Purification!
 However, the Ravenblade Sage was obviously much stronger than her. He waved his spear and swirls of black-colored gales surrounded his body, destroying the incoming rays of white light.
 “Alright, that’s enough catching up. Now is the time for me to end you once and for all. Don’t you worry, I’ll be sure to bring your body back with me, and when the time comes to worship the Serpent Deity, your Sage body shall be the best sacrifice!”
 The Ravenblade Sage laughed out loud and an extremely powerful surge of Sage Daoist Rhyme erupted from his body. “Black Devouring Serpent!”
 With a thrust of his spear, he unleashed a surge of overbearing Daoist Rhyme that was mixed with spiritual power. Then, it turned into a ferocious black serpent shadow that raged towards the Immemorial Sage.
 The Immemorial Sage could hardly resist the might of that incoming attack.
 At that exact moment.
 Numerous white lotuses that contained the power of purifying suddenly surrounded the Immemorial Sage, disintegrating and breaking down the Ravenblade Sage’s attacks. Those attacks could not reach the Immemorial Sage at all.
 “What?”
 The Ravenblade Sage’s expression changed. “You’ve managed to learn the White Lotus Light of Purification that was left behind by the White Lotus Sage Ruler?”
 He had some knowledge about the Light of Purification, so he knew that those white lotuses were the ultimate defense technique from the School of White Lotus — the White Lotus Light of Purification!
 “No, you’re not the one who’s doing this.”
 It did not take long for the Ravenblade Sage to notice that the Daoist Rhyme in the white lotuses in front of him did not belong to the Immemorial Sage, but someone else instead.
 Meanwhile, the Immemorial Sage could not help but smile. It was as if she had thought of something. “Ravenblade Sage, your end is here!”
 She then turned her body toward somewhere not far away.
 A wide-sleeved, white-robed figure whose otherworldly poise outshone everything else around him was approaching them from the air.
 The Ravenblade Sage looked solemnly at the newly arrived figure. “Who are you?”
 “The Immemorial Sage is under my protection.”
 Chu Kuangren said immediately.
 “Hmph, do you think you can claim she’s under your protection just like that? It seems you’ve underestimated me there.” The Ravenblade Sage immediately lifted his hand and attacked Chu Kuangren.
 He thrust his spear forward and a black gust of storm instantly swept out.
 However, Chu Kuangren merely stood unmoved as numerous mysterious white lotuses appeared around him, which gradually broke down the incoming black storm.
 “The White Lotus Light of Purification. What are you to the School of White Lotus?”
 The Ravenblade Sage was shocked.
 That person had used the White Lotus Light of Purification again and again to block all his attacks. Not even the White Lotus Sage Ruler possessed that level of power.
 “Brother Chu, don’t let that person leave!” The Immemorial Sage yelled with deep hatred in her voice.
 Chu Kuangren was slightly surprised.
 It seemed that the Immemorial Sage had some bad blood with this Sage.
 “The situation doesn’t look good. I’ll withdraw for now!”
 Upon realizing that Chu Kuangren could not be easily defeated, Ravenblade Sage did not dare to stay around any longer. His figure immediately disappeared from the spot, leaving only an afterimage behind.
 “Oh, you’re leaving?”
 Chu Kuangren chuckled as a black chain suddenly appeared in his grasps. That was the Soul Retriever which he had not used for quite a long time.
 The Soul Retriever turned into a black ray of light and dashed out towards the escaping Ravenblade Sage. Since it was much faster than Ravenblade Sage, it only took a short while for the Soul Retriever to catch up, immobilize him, and drag him back.
 “Godd*mn it! What the hell is this?”
 “Release me at once!”
 Although the Ravenblade Sage continuously channeled his spiritual power to resist the Soul Retriever, his efforts were futile. With Chu Kuangren’s current cultivation level, even a Sage would find it hard to escape once the Soul Retriever had caught them.
 Only a Great Sage might have a chance of escaping.
 “Many thanks, Brother Chu!”
 The Immemorial Sage walked up to the Ravenblade Sage with deep hatred in her eyes. “I’m going to avenge Qian Yin today!”
 She raised her hand and blasted a palm technique on the Ravenblade Sage’s body.
 That terrifying amount of energy instantly sent the Ravenblade Sage flying as he spewed out blood. He eventually smashed into the ground and created a crater that was dozens of meters in diameter.
 Despite that, the Immemorial Sage was still not done with him. She came to the crater and unleashed multiple barrages of palm attacks towards the Ravenblade Sage. One after another, violent surges of strength qi spread and expanded the crater to at least a hundred meters wide.
 Chu Kuangren was secretly stunned as he watched by the side.
 It seemed like there was a very serious grudge between both parties.
 However, he also did not ask anything, and neither did he stop the Immemorial Sage. Since one of them was his ally and another was a stranger, it was a no-brainer for him when it came to choosing who he should help.
 Bounded by the Soul Retriever, the Ravenblade Sage could no longer resist, and very quickly, he was beaten to the brink of death.
 “Killing you just like that will be too easy.” The Immemorial Sage stared coldly at the Ravenblade Sage who, by then, was already covered in blood.
 Standing at the side, Chu Kuangren gently tugged the Soul Retriever and its hook pierced through the Ravenblade Sage’s body. Only after stirring in him for a while did the hook drag his soul out.
 “This is his soul. If you attack his soul, he’ll experience pain a hundred times worse than what he felt earlier,” Chu Kuangren explained beside her.
 The Immemorial Sage’s eyes lit up. “Thanks a lot.”
 “You’re welcome.”
 The Ravenblade Sage stared at Chu Kuangren with resentment. “You *sshole, why do you have to make me suffer like this! I don’t even know you at all!”
 “Scum like you will always be punished, no matter who you meet!”
 The Immemorial Sage channeled her spiritual power to form a white needle before mercilessly piercing it into the Ravenblade Sage’s soul.
 “Argh...” The soul-crushing pain that the Ravenblade Sage felt made him shriek as his soul began to tremble violently.
 However, the Immemorial Sage did not stop there. Instead, she continued to plunge the white needle deeper into the Ravenblade Sage’s soul. The more the white needle pierced him, the weaker his soul became.
 In the end, the Ravenblade Sage was tortured to death by the Immemorial Sage under that intense pain!
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


 Chapter 325: The Emperor-Grade Treasure Appears, Who Has The Guts To Force Us To Leave 
 After killing the Ravenblade Sage, the Immemorial Sage breathed a sigh of relief and yelled to the skies, “Qian Yin, I’ve finally avenged you!”
 Chu Kuangren stood aside and watched while silently putting the Soul Retriever away.
 “Brother Chu, thank you very much for your assistance.” After venting her emotions, the Immemorial Sage walked to Chu Kuangren and bowed to him.
 “I’m glad to help.”
 Chu Kuangren replied and showed some curiosity. “I just wonder, fellow Daoist Sister, what did that Sage do to make you hate him so much?”
 “It’s a long story.” The Immemorial Sage let out a bitter smile.
 She then told Chu Kuangren what happened in brief.
 It turned out that the Immemorial Sage had a younger sister, who used to journey all over the world and during then met the then Ravenblade Sage who was also doing the same.
 The two of them got to know each other better after they met and eventually fell in love. Despite the School of White Lotus’s opposition, the Immemorial Sage’s younger sister ignored them and was determined to live with the Ravenblade Sage in the Outer Seas, to which she became the Ravengale Island’s Chieftainess.
 As time went by, the Ravenblade Sage started to change.
 To ensure that he could complete the ascension trial and become a Sage, the Ravenblade Sage sacrificed his beloved to a terrifying being known as the Serpent Deity in the Outer Seas.
 The Immemorial Sage was overcome with grief and rage upon learning about what happened. She tried going to Ravengale Island in the past, but because of her limited strength, she could not take revenge for her younger sister.
 “For all these years, if it were not for my duty of guarding the School of White Lotus, I would’ve dragged that scum down into the pits of hell even if I were to join him in the process!”
 “I can’t believe that I’d meet this person again when exploring this unnamed island and receive Brother Chu’s helping hand as well. For that, I am deeply grateful.”
 The Immemorial Sage bowed once more.
 For a dignified Sage to bow to someone, again and again, it was not hard to tell that she was extremely grateful to Chu Kuangren.
 “It’s my pleasure to help you, Immemorial Sage. After all, the Black Heaven Sect and School of White Lotus are comrades in arms, and this human scum deserves to be punished.”
 Chu Kuangren took a look at the Ravenblade Sage’s corpse and activated the Gluttonous Devouring Technique with a raise of his hand, absorbing it into the Avarice Dimension for further refining.
 The Immemorial Sage was delighted to see that.
 ‘Good, now there’s nothing left of the Ravenblade Sage.’
 “Come to think about it, I’m quite interested in that Serpent Deity you’ve mentioned earlier. Daoist Sister Immemorial, do you happen to know what kind of being it is?” Chu Kuangren asked.
 The Immemorial Sage shook her head. “The origin of that Serpent Deity is unknown, but I do know that it’s extremely terrifying. It’s a Deity that’s worshipped by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, and they’ll offer large sacrifices every once in a while.”
 “So even the Sages there have to pledge allegiance to it?”
 “Yes.”
 The Immemorial Sage nodded.
 “Seems like it is a terrifying being indeed.” Said Chu Kuangren pondered for a bit before he temporarily put that matter aside.
 Boom!
 At that moment, the whole island suddenly shook.
 Waves of rippled could be seen in the air some distance away as an immeasurably dense surge of Emperor Aura instantly engulfed the entire island!
 That surge of Emperor Aura was far stronger than the ones before.
 Chu Kuangren’s eyes slightly moved as he gazed into the distance.
 “Boundary Emperor corpse, located three kilometers south...”
 “Incomplete Emperor corpse, located three kilometers south...”
 “Damaged Emperor Weapon, located three kilometers south...”
 The Treasure Locating Skill displayed the information.
 He could now accurately sense those few items’ auras.
 “The mechanism that was concealing those items has finally disappeared.” A glint of surprise flashed across in Chu Kuangren’s eyes before he darted towards the center of that island.
 The Immemorial Sage followed suit as well.
 At the center of the unnamed island.
 A single cottage had suddenly appeared there, and that was where the incomparably dense Emperor Aura emanated from.
 The Sages on the island rushed to that area upon sensing that aura.
 In a short while, Sages had surrounded thirty meters beyond that cottage. However, no one dared to simply step foot within that thirty meters from the cottage.
 It was as if the thirty meters distance between them and the cottage was a forbidden area.
 “Since this island appeared in the Outer Seas and not the Four Domains, the items inside that cottage naturally belongs to us Sages from the Outer Seas”
 At that time, a Sage from the Outer Seas spoke.
 The other Outer Seas’ Sages agreed to that too.
 “That’s right, Sage Liu has a point.”
 “Logically speaking, this unnamed island belongs to the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, not to mention the things inside that cottage. The fact that we’re allowing you Sages from the Four Domains to come and explore it is already the kindest gesture we can offer.”
 “That’s right, so please leave now.”
 The Sages from the Outer Seas began to dismiss the Sages from the Four Domains.
 The Sages from the Four Domains were not happy.
 “Aren’t you Outer Seas’ Sages a little too unreasonable? This unnamed island has no owner, so what makes you think that it belongs to you? Is it just because it appeared on the Outer Seas? That’s hilarious.”
 The Black Heaven’s Second Forefather snorted coldly.
 The other Four Domains’ Sages also voiced their support.
 “The Black Heaven’s Second Forefather is right. Based on that logic, it means that the whole Scarlet Phoenix Domain belongs to me because I live there.”
 “That’s right. Don’t you think before you speak? What you said earlier is simply preposterous.”
 A heated quarrel broke out between the Sages from the Four Domains and Outer Seas.
 However, it was obvious that the Four Domains’ Sages were at a disadvantage. After all, they were currently at the Outer Seas and the territory of the Outer Seas Sages.
 When the unnamed island appeared, the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands were the fastest to notice it. Hence, their Sages made up most of the numbers among everyone who was currently on the island, numbering around thirty and above.
 On the other hand, the Sages from the Four Domains were much less. Although they could sense the unnamed island, there were less than twenty of them who managed to get to the island.
 “Hmph, let’s cut to the chase. Because this cottage belongs to the Outer Seas, you guys from the Four Domains are not allowed to interfere. Don’t blame us for taking action otherwise.”
 A Sage from the Outer Seas snorted coldly.
 He was the leading Sage amongst the others and having reached the level of a Great Sage, he was the one with the highest cultivation level on the scene.
 The Four Domains’ Sages were extremely dissatisfied with what he said. Some of the short-tempered ones were so enraged that they rolled up their sleeves to prepare for battle. However, they were stopped by some of the more rational-minded Sages.
 Since the Outer Seas’ Sages outnumbered them, the situation did not look good for the Four Domains’ Sages if a battle were to happen.
 “D*mn it, are we just going to stand and watch as those Outer Seas’ Sages do whatever they want?” a Sage uttered in dissatisfaction.
 “Everyone, it’s time for you to leave now.”
 The Outer Seas’ leading Sage replied.
 “Do you really want to go there, Eversodden Sage?”
 The Black Heaven’s Second Forefather said in a chilling tone.
 “So what if I do!” The Eversodden Sage snorted. “If all of you don’t leave, then don’t blame us for making you leave by force!”
 As soon as he said that, the atmosphere on the scene suddenly turned incredibly tense.
 One by one, the Outer Seas’ Sages stood behind the Eversodden Sage while they glared at the Sages from the Four Domains.
 It was as if anyone could attack at any time.
 “Oh, I’m curious to see who has the guts to make us leave!”
 At that moment, an impartial voice rang in everyone’s ears.
 A man and woman were walking forward from behind the Four Domains’ Sages. The young man walking in front was the one who spoke just now.
 “It’s the School of White Lotus’s Immemorial Sage and... Chu Kuangren!”
 “He’s here!”
 The Sages of the Four Domains looked at the approaching figure with gleaming eyes.
 As Chu Kuangren walked into the crowd, the Sages around him all stepped back to give way for him.
 “Greetings, Second Forefather, Third Forefather.” Chu Kuangren came before the Black Heaven’s Second and Third Forefather and greeted them with a fist salute.
 “You’re here, Kuangren.”
 The Black Heaven’s Second Forefather looked at Chu Kuangren with relief in his eyes.
 “Yeah.” Chu Kuangren nodded. Then, he looked to the Outer Seas’ Sages and said, “The treasures inside this cottage shall belong to the one who’s capable of getting them, and everyone here shall compete against each other fair and square. Let’s see who has the guts to force us to leave.”
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


