 Chapter 321: Killing Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang, Extremely Unreasonable, Returning Home 
 Chu Kuangren walked out of the pavilion. Outside, Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang and a crowd of elders, as well as Sages looked at him in amazement.
 They were extremely shocked by the fact that Chu Kuangren had managed to gain insights into the Heart Piercing Finger Technique. Though the Sages felt even more distressed.
 After all, that was an Emperor Technique!
 It was just handed over to someone on a silver platter!
 “Um, Sect Leader Chu, how did you manage to understand and learn that Emperor Technique?” A Sage could not help but ask.
 He was just too curious.
 ‘No one from the Sky Emperor Palace has been able to comprehend the profound contents of that scroll, so how did Chu Kuangren achieve that?’
 “If I want to gain insights on something, it’ll surely happen.”
 Chu Kuangren replied, and his gaze immediately shot towards Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang.
 Without another word, a clang was heard as the sword at his waist unsheathed itself. It released an incomparably frightening sword ray that was imbued with an Emperor Aura!
 The strength of that sword attack was unmatched!
 It was an Emperor Technique, the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique!
 “What!”
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang’s expression suddenly turned horrified. Never in a million years did he expect Chu Kuangren to do as he said!
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang exerted his full strength as he raised his arms to block that attack!
 However, the terrifying sword ray was coming at him at lightning speed, and with the help of the Descendant Self Sword, even Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was instantly and critically injured.
 The sudden turn of events shocked the other two Sages, and they glared at Chu Kuangren.
 “Chu Kuangren, what is the meaning of this!”
 “D*mn it!”
 Ignoring them, Chu Kuangren deployed his Sage Rule Technique, the Phantom Light Strike before arriving in front of Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang.
 With a lift of his hand, a vast Buddhist Light emanated to form a great golden palm which crashed the Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang down into the ground!
 The terrifying amount of energy shook the entire Sky Emperor Palace, and the ground had been smashed into a huge crater.
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was lying at the center of the crater, spewing blood non-stop.
 “You— What the hell are you doing?”
 As frightening surges of sword Dao aura emanated from Chu Kuangren, he asked indifferently, “I suppose you’re very familiar with the strangeness in that scroll, right? Did you think I couldn’t see through that little scheme of yours?”
 “I’ve already placed a warning on the scroll which clearly states that it’s a forbidden technique.”
 “Heh, you mean the two plain strips of paper?”
 Chu Kuangren grinned. “Do you think that you can get away with that little scheme you have against me with two mere strips of plain paper?”
 “Besides colluding with the First City to target my Black Heaven Sect, now you’ve gone and played these tricks on me again. Cultivating to the level of a Sage is no small feat, yet time and time again, you’ve been looking for death. I’m afraid the heavens won’t be able to save you now.”
 At that, Chu Kuangren unleashed another slash with his Descendant Self Sword, which instantly enveloped Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang with a terrifying and violent surge of sword qi!
 His Sage body was immediately torn apart by the sword qi!
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was dead!
 “How dare you! Chu Kuangren!”
 “D*mn it!”
 The expression on the other two Sky Emperor Palace Sages’ faces shifted as they roared angrily, unleashing a punch and palm attack respectively.
 The violent energy in the attack was on the level of a Seven-Step Sage!
 However, blood-colored flames began to emerge on Chu Kuangren’s body, activating the technique that was deemed forbidden by countless cultivators, the Nine Deaths Blazing Blood Art!
 He then unleashed another slash in retaliation, where a vast sword ray erupted and shattered both the punch and palm attacks. The two Sages were blasted tens of meters back!
 Both of them looked at Chu Kuangren with horror.
 Despite coming together as Seven-Step Sages, they were both forced back by Chu Kuangren’s single sword attack!
 What horrifying combat strength was that? 
 “Chu Kuangren, why did you kill Sage Zhang?”
 One of the Sages questioned angrily.
 “I’ll be the one asking the questions first. So, if someone other than me were to attempt gaining insights from that scroll, what will happen to them?” Chu Kuangren asked emotionlessly.
 Both of their expressions turned grim.
 They were well aware of the strangeness contained in that scroll.
 At best, one would end up mad, or at worst, they would die of mental exhaustion.
 Chu Kuangren chuckled upon seeing both the Sages’ expressions. “It seems that you two know about it as well. For plotting against me like that and the incident during the championship, don’t you think he deserves to be killed after messing with me so many times?”
 He was fully capable of killing Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang at the battle in the First City back then.
 No.
 If he were to go all out, he could surely kill all the Sages who took part and joined forces to go against him.
 The only catch was that, besides the few Sages who were at the scene that day, there were also Sages from other orthodoxies present who did not take part in the battle too. Moreover, there were Lan Yu, Nangong Huang, and the others who were at the First City as well. That was why he held back during that fight.
 However, now that Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang had messed with him again, his name would not be Chu Kuangren if he did not get rid of that person.
 “But it was clearly stated on the scroll that it’s a forbidden technique. Are you going to blame us even if you’re the one who wanted to read it in the first place?”
 One of the Sages uttered angrily.
 “Then I suppose you two should be grateful for those two little pieces of paper. If it were not for that, both of you won’t be alive right now.”
 Chu Kuangren sneered. Since there were no restrictions nor barrier seals placed on the two pieces of paper, they were clearly fakes used to trick him.
 The two Sages were stunned.
 ‘How does such an unreasonable person like him exist in this world?’
 ‘Why is there such an unbridled person?’
 “Chu Kuangren, god forbid that with your continuous killing, you shall suffer and regret when the retribution of karma rains down upon you one day.”
 The other Sage was so enraged that he was trembling all over.
 Chu Kuangren chuckled and said, “Karmic retribution? Alright, since we’re talking about cause and effect here, then let me fill you in on something. Because Sage Zhang has a deep obsession with living his life on the edge, the act of him plotting and scheming against me can be considered a ’cause’, and the act of me killing him is considered the ‘effect’. So there you have it. What other karmic retributions am I to suffer from now?”
 “So what if karmic retribution were to fall upon me?”
 “If the heavens get in my way, then I shall turn against the heavens!”
 After that, Chu Kuangren turned and left.
 The two Sages could not do anything other than watch his receding figure.
 Should they kill him?
 They were no match for him though.
 Should they reason with him then?
 Heavenly Emperor Sage Zhang was at fault.
 “Sage Zhang, oh, Sage Zhang. If you knew something like this was going to happen, why did you do it? The person you’ve pissed off can’t even be reasoned with common sense at all!”
 Ordinary methods were completely useless with Chu Kuangren!
 The Sky Emperor Palace Lord looked at Chu Kuangren, helpless.
 What happened to visiting them to go through their cultivation techniques?
 Why was another Sage killed?
 If he knew this was going to happen, he would have brought all their cultivation techniques over to where Chu Kuangren was, rather than having Chu Kuangren step foot in his Sky Emperor Palace!
 Sure enough, wherever Chu Kuangren went, he would always turn the place upside down!
 ...
 Chu Kuangren returned to the Illusive Mirage.
 Lan Yu and the others had been waiting for him for a long time by then.
 “Sect Leader, we’ve received word from Elder Ruyan just now. She wants you back as soon as possible to discuss the unnamed island.”
 Nangong Huang said.
 Chu Kuangren was slightly surprised. “What island?”
 Having been focused on comprehending the Heart Piercing Finger Technique, he was completely unaware that the appearance of an unnamed island had caused a great stir throughout the whole Firmament Star.
 Nangong Huang then briefly explained everything to him.
 “Oh, something like that happened at the Outer Seas, huh?”
 Chu Kuangren was a little interested, so he set a course on the Illusive Mirage back to the Black Heaven Sect. The moment he returned, Elder Ruyan and the others immediately approached him.
 “Sect Leader, news of your riot in the First City has already spread through the whole Firmament Star, why is there always trouble wherever you go?”
 Elder Ruyan asked frustratingly.
 “Is that my fault? They’re the ones who saught trouble with us first.”
 Chu Kuangren replied innocently.
 The only principle he lived by as a person was that if people did not mess with him, then he would not mess with them too. If the First City had not sought trouble from him, then he would do the same to them as well.
 “Haha, our Sect Leader is right. Elder Ruyan, if someone were to be blamed for this matter, it’s the Sky Emperor Palace and First City.”
 An elder laughed.
 Elder Ruyan shook her head. “I’m not blaming the Sect Leader for this either. Alright, let’s talk about the unnamed island first.”
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


 Chapter 322: Onwards To The Unnamed Island, Hold Up, There’s Still People Who Don’t Know About Me 
 “Now that the unnamed island has been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, anyone who’s not a Sage is not allowed to enter.”
 “Both the Third and Second Forefather has set off to survey the area, but there’s been no news from them as of now...”
 Elder Ruyan had briefly explained the details of the unnamed island, and when Chu Kuangren heard that, he could not help but feel a little curious.
 “The unnamed island is suspected to be a place where an Emperor once lived, and there’s also the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, huh? Interesting, we should go and explore that island right now.”
 “Since it’s been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, everyone should stay back in the sect for now. I’ll go take a look at the situation there first.”
 Chu Kuangren had decided.
 The Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands was a collective term for all the orthodoxies in the Outer Seas.
 Among the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, a few of them were as strong as the sage orthodoxies in the Four Domains. Joined together, they were a force to be reckoned with.
 Since the Outer Seas was the main territory of the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, which were the ones who had sealed off the unnamed island, it was hard for the orthodoxies in the Four Domains to intervene.
 The only way was to let the Sages of their respective orthodoxies explore it. No matter how arrogant the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands were, they could not stop all of the Sages outside the unnamed island.
 That decision would be no different from declaring war on every sage orthodoxy in the Four Domains.
 “Oh, by the way, Elder Ruyan, here’s some IOUs that I got. If the owner of these IOUs doesn’t provide us with the stated amount of soulstones within a month, send them a message to remind them. If they still don’t by then, we’ll discuss how to deal with them after I return.”
 At the same time, Chu Kuangren took out a stack of IOUs and handed them over to Elder Ruyan.
 Elder Ruyan looked at the pile of IOUs in her hand.
 “IOUs? There are so many of them.” Upon seeing the amount stated on them, her eyes widened with shock.
 “The Daoist School of Dedication owes us two hundred million top-tier soulstones, while the Eight Wind Palace needs to pay us fifty million top-tier soulstones, then there’s another four hundred and fifty million from the Thunder Falcon Tribe...”
 “B-by the heavens!”
 “Sect Leader, what have you done to get all of these IOUs?”
 Elder Ruyan raised her head and looked at Chu Kuangren with disbelief. The other elders around them were also stunned when they saw the IOUs as well.
 “These are all bets that I’ve won. You can ask Nangong Huang and the others for details. Alright, I’ll be on my way now.”
 With that, Chu Kuangren left the Black Heaven Sect. This time, he was going out on his own, not even the inseparable Lan Yu was going with him.
 Since the situation at the unnamed island was uncertain and most of the people headed there were Sages, that matter was not something an ordinary cultivator could take part in.
 If something were to happen to the people that he brought with him, Chu Kuangren was worried that he might not be able to look over everything at once.
 Outer Seas, unnamed island.
 Having been sealed off by the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, the area within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers that surrounded the unnamed island was full of Fairy Boats. They were all set up to form countless checkpoints.
 Every cultivator who passed through that area would be stopped to have their identities verified.
 As for the cultivators who intended to break in, they would be killed on sight by the merciless cultivators from the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands.
 Chu Kuangren was not afraid of being discovered by the Outer Seas cultivators because of his cultivation level. He turned into a stream of light and darted towards the unnamed island.
 His journey to the island was almost uninterrupted.
 No one was able to catch up to him anyway.
 The closer he got to the island, the more Chu Kuangren could sense a very dominating Daoist Rhyme. It was an extremely dense Emperor’s Aura!
 Soon after.
 A huge island appeared in his sights.
 Although the island was covered by surrounding clouds and fog, he could vaguely make out from some of the scenery that it was like a fairy realm.
 Besides that, the island was also the source of the Emperor Aura.
 “So this is the unnamed island.”
 Chu Kuangren’s eyes lit up.
 However, just as he was about to approach, an invisible barrier suddenly appeared in front of him, blocking his path towards the island.
 “An enchanted boundary?”
 Amid Chu Kuangren’s surprise, numerous figures who possessed abnormal auras suddenly appeared before him.
 Even the weakest among them was a True Honorable.
 “This area is sealed off by our Thirty-Six Oceanic Alliance. Cultivators below the level of a Sage are forbidden to enter. Please leave now!” An elderly man who was their leader uttered.
 He glanced at Chu Kuangren and frowned.
 Although Chu Kuangren had quite an extraordinary appearance, he was just too young. Due to that, the elderly man suspected that he was not even an Honorable, let alone a Sage.
 ‘How did someone like him manage to get here?’
 ‘Are all the patrols outside blind?’
 “Oh, the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands.”
 Chu Kuangren activated his Eye of Revelation as he swept his gaze across everyone.
 “Liao Yun, Wind Spirit Island Chieftain, cultivation level, Honorable Supreme...”
 “Chu Shan, Thousand Boulder Island cultivator, cultivation level, True Honorable...”
 They were the higher-ups of the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands, and there was a Chieftain among them as well — a sign that this was a powerful group of people.
 This was especially Liao Yun, the elderly man leading the group, who was the Wind Spirit Island Chieftain. His position was more or less equal to that of a Sect Leader in a sage orthodoxy.
 “I’m Chu Kuangren, the Black Heaven Sect Leader. Please give way, everyone.”
 Chu Kuangren said indifferently.
 Few of the people in that group looked at each other upon hearing his name. However, Liao Yun simply frowned as he said, “I don’t care who you are. If you’re not a Sage, leave here at once!”
 Chu Kuangren was stunned for a while.
 ‘No way, there are still people who don’t know who I am?’
 “Have you guys from the Thirty-Six Oceanic Islands been living under a rock or something? How can you possibly not know my name?” Chu Kuangren asked in shock.
 “Are you famous?”
 One of the cultivators asked.
 Chu Kuangren was speechless. He had heard that Outer Seas cultivators rarely communicate with the ones from the Four Domains. It took some of them more than ten years to receive news about the happenings on land.
 He did not expect that to be true.
 Since he had started to make a name for himself in the past few years, everyone in the Four Domains knew who he was. However, not many from the Outer Seas knew about him.
 “Should I barge in head-on anyways?”
 A chilling gaze lit up from Chu Kuangren’s eyes as his hand instinctively reached the pommel of his Descendant Self Sword.
 In that instant, Liao Yun and the others suddenly felt their scalp going numb. A terrifying chill ran down their spine, seeping through their very bones.
 A dangerous enemy!
 Liao Yun’s and the others’ expressions turned incredibly stern. Just when Chu Kuangren was going to force his way in, a sudden stream of light approached from afar.
 It was an elderly man in long purple robes who looked serious.
 Upon seeing that person, Liao Yun’s and the others’ expressions shifted again.
 “Greetings, Lifeblood Sage.”
 Liao Yun and the others bowed before him.
 Compared to Chu Kuangren, Lifeblood Sage had made a name for himself several thousands of years ago. His reputation was so great that everyone during that time knew who he was.
 “Mhm.”
 Lifeblood Sage nodded.
 He then took a look at Chu Kuangren. When he had gotten a clearer look at the latter, his expression slightly changed and he went up to greet Chu Kuangren.
 “Greetings, Brother Chu.”
 “Greetings, you are...”
 “I’m the Sage of the Zhiyang Valley, Lifeblood Sage.”
 Lifeblood Sage smiled.
 “Oh, a fellow Daoist Brother from the Zhiyang Valley. Greetings to you as well.”
 “I didn’t expect Brother Chu to head out here to explore the unnamed island immediately after you returned from the First City. Why don’t we head in together?”
 Lifeblood Sage replied.
 He knew about Chu Kuangren’s shocking combat strength, so it would be greatly beneficial for him to explore the island together with Chu Kuangren.
 One could say that he was riding on Chu Kuangren’s coattails.
 “Oh, I really want to, but these Outer Seas cultivators told me that only a Sage can enter. They aren’t allowing me to go in.”
 “What? How dare they do something like this!”
 Lifeblood Sage’s expression turned slightly grim as he looked towards Liao Yun and the others. He told them, “Although Brother Chu’s cultivation is not on the level of a Sage, his combat strength has far exceeded one. He’s definitely strong enough to qualify! Now get out of his way!”
 What were they thinking?
 Did they not want their lives for daring to stop Chu Kuangren like that?
Use arrow keys (or A / D) to PREV/NEXT chapter


